## Quorum-Hub-Everything About Quorum Blockchain.
Have a look at this article before going further.. A Beginner guide to Quorum Blockchain at https://link.medium.com/8FCxEYhk8W
1. Forked Enterprise Ethereum blockchain.

2. Specifically Designed for private Transactions between nodes. 

3. Quorum Uses a)Raft based and b)Istanbul consensus Algorithms.

4. Quorum Uses tessara and Constellation for encrypting and sharing data across nodes.

5. Quorum network doesn't cost ether for transactions. basically transaction verification is done by voting Consensus mechanism.

6. Quorum has similarities like ethereum. except, there is a parameter "privateFor". it makes Quorum really standout. this "privateFor" parameter plays vital role in doing private transactions. every node has its own privatekey-Publickey pair generated by quorum network manager. if we wanted particular node only to be part of the transaction, we will pass public key of participating node with privateFor parameter. 

## Working With nodes
in previous article, we checked how private transactions work on quorum network by running pre-configured nodes in quorum-examples. Now we are going to create each node and check how things work. for this, Im using a framework called quorum maker. lets see how it could make our day better.


### So , What is quorum-maker?
A Framework For creating, joining ,attaching nodes.
Also, for creating testnetwork with integrated Web UI.

#### Getting Started With Quorum-maker

##### Setting Up Development Network

```
git clone https://github.com/synechron-finlabs/quorum-maker.git
cd quorum-maker
```
Start quorum-maker framework with this command and choose your prefered option

```
./setup.sh

//Choose option 4 for Development network
```
Type your node name and number of nodes to be joined and port numbers. it will create new directory with your node name. run docker in node directory to start nodes.

```
cd <nodename>

docker-compose up -d

docker ps    //wait until nodes become healthy

```
Go to geth javascript console of particular node i.e. node1 with below command

```
docker exec -it node1 geth attach /node1/node/qdata/geth.ipc
```
***Follow same steps as we did in "Getting Started with 7nodes"  for deploying , interactiong, sending transactions***

##### Creating Network and Joining Network

```
cd quorum-maker

./setup.sh 

//choose option 1 to create node
```
Enter Required details like Ip address, node name and port numbers. it will create node with Details given by you. you can interact with node via web UI with IP address of node and port you given to node manager. if your node Ip is 10.5.52.1 and node manager port is 22004 then you can access UI by http://10.5.52.1:22004. web UI is useful for accepting node joining requests, deploying and interacting with contracts, viewing transaction details. etc.

#### Joining Node 

```
cd quorum-maker

./setup.sh 

//choose option 2 to join node
```
Enter Ip address of existing node and port numbers of existing node(already created node) and Add node name and port numbers of new node that you wanted to join.  it will send a joining request to exisisting node. once accepted by node manager, you will be part of the network. 



### Quorum Nodes on Cloud
